
hsc source archive
==================

This archive contains the sources for hsc. They are distributed under
GNU General Public License (for details, see file "COPYING" in this
directory).

IMPORTANT: If you've compiled older versions of hsc before, remove 
all files of the old sources before you continue.

There are two makefiles, but only one is required to create the 
binaries:

=====================
USING "MAKEFILE.DODL"
=====================

"Makefile.dodl" is designed to compile with CC under an Unixoid
environment without any special options or debugging-features
enabled.

Use

    make -f Makefile.dodl

to start the compilation-sequence.

================
USING "MAKEFILE"
================

"Makefile" uses conditionals for figuring out the compiler and
environment. You can change the environment commenting-out the
required symbol. GNUmake v3.74 is recommended.

At the moment, only AmigaOS and Unix are supported. For AmigaOS, you
require GCC or SAS/c, for Unix,  GCC and CC are supported.

This makefile supports three compilation modes: "debug" for a
debugging version that includes all debugging information, supports
a source-level memory-tracking and enables some additional output
and plausibility checks. "norm" links only some debugging
information, and "optim" strips all debugging information and
creates an optimized executable.

After having done this, use

    make

to start the compilation-sequence.

-----------------
COMPILER WARNINGS
-----------------
Normally, no warnings should show up, exept about ununsed functions
and parameters. This is because some parameters and functions are
only used by the debugging-version.

------------
OPTIMISATION
------------
If you set the compilation mode to "optim", the binary will be 
optimised for small code.

If the optimised version causes serious problems, try to compile
with compilation mode set to "norm". There are loads of buggy
optimisers out there..

========
PROBLEMS
========

If you modify the Makefile, make sure that your editor does not
convert TABs to blanks.

Make sure that you didn't extract the source-archive to a path where
an old source-archive has already been located; remove older 
versions before you extract the sources.

Problems might occure, if your compiler does not support ANSI-C (as
"cc" under SunOS on my university - Pfthuahuhahua!), but I won't
care about this.

============
THE BINARIES
============

If nothing went wrong, you now should have created two files:

    hsc/hsc
    hscdepp/hscdepp

These are the executables. Now follow the installation-instructions 
of the documentation that came with the main-archive.

Thomas Aglassinger <agi@giga.or.at>
